I'm gonna show you how to make the
perfect cremon glaze or custard
basically it's really great recipe to
know because it helps you make obviously
delicious dessert but it's the basic
recipe that goes into making ice cream
as well what you do to start with is you
get some cream onto the boil
I've also got some vanilla pod in the
cream infusing that's a we've scraped
the seeds out pop them into the cream
dead easy if you haven't got another pod
you can use a little bit of vanilla
extract instead and you just want to
bring it just up to the heat until you
see bubbles around the edge and a bit of
steam rising it's called scolding the
cream once it's got to that heat you
need to turn the cream off otherwise it
will cook too much I've got four egg
yolks in here I'm gonna add some golden
caster sugar you can use white caster
sugar if you like but this adds a better
flavor I'm gonna just mix that together
and you don't want to add the caster
sugar to the eggs too soon because it
can kind of cook them and make a little
bit grainy so save that till the last
minute take the cream off the heat and
it's important to keep whisking now keep
mixing fast pour on the hot cream you
want to mix it so that you don't make
scrambled egg at the bottom so we have
an even mixture of egg yolks and cream
and vanilla it's nice and hot the next
stage is to give that a quick sieve
because there may be some small lumps
from the egg yolks in there so bring
over your bowl with a sieve and tip it
in this is ready to go into a clean
saucepan and I can smell the vanilla
it's really delicious and could have
rounded I'm going to put it into a clean
pan and it's really important that your
pan is clean because any cream that's
left over from the previous pan will
make your custard catch on the bottom so
we're going to go for a low heat and
it's really important to keep this low
tip in your custard mixture and then
we're going to keep stirring this for
probably about 10 minutes or so the
reason it takes quite so long is that
you need to keep the heat really gentle
because egg yolks can cook a bit too
quickly and you can end up with
scrambled eggs in your custard so we
want to keep nice and gentle keep your
spoon to the edge of the saucepan
because that's where the heat
concentrates the most so how do you know
in your custody
well it won't be as thick as custard
made with custard powder and that's
because the only thing to thicken it is
the egg yolks so I'm going to take my
spoon and we're looking for a clean line
when I draw my finger through the
custard on the back of the spoon and
there that's perfect great for any
dessert
automate your own ice cream so there is
how to make your own custard